add option to observe user feedbacks (#5906)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: CHANGELOG.md

#### Features

#### Bug fixes and improvements

> - Added an option to observe user feedbacks posted using `MapboxNavigation#postUserFeedback`. [#5906](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5906)

Reviewer: maybe?
```suggestion
- Added `MapboxNavigation#registerUserFeedbackObserver` to observe feedbacks posted via `MapboxNavigation#postUserFeedback`. [#5906](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5906)
- Added a parameter `userFeedbackObserver` to `MapboxNavigation#postUserFeedback` which will be called when the feedback processed. [#5906](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5906)
```
